I spoke with talk about digital selection
where your voice listens to you
effectively this morning they have arrived
members of the freedom operative since
raids have been carried out and
discovered people has been had
people projectile weapons if they can us
employ greater so is the operation
freedom in this case the forces
armed forces supporting the national police and
with support also from what the
public ministry continues to carry
out various operatives in tegucigalpa
san pedro sula in this opportunity we have
carried out special operations in
what is the flower colony of the field and
currently we already have some
results like making a total of 17
arrested and many of them because
are suspected of having committed some
illicit and they will be investigated already
has been confiscated in a shotgun we have
an amount of 50 projectiles of 40
millimeters additionally we have 28
projectiles of 40 from Ak-47 and the
operation is ongoing and our
main objective is to bring security
this area that is conflictive in the
capital within the people that are
detained there are people who have
already criminal record
that is a process that is followed after
that people are detained them
they are brought to the collection center and once
that are here are investigated truth and what
that have capture order are past
immediately to what are the courts
the rest if it has nothing to do with
criminal acts is released
We immediately know that this is
one of the hottest areas of the
capital in recent months what is the
why they have come to this place
you have received multiple
information related to that
precisely that in these areas it takes
out a lot of wrongful act on the part of
some citizens and in response to those
complaints have been mounted these
perfect operatives
thank you very much to the greatest nolasco guifarro
operational information officer
freedom that gives us important clues
of what is being done in this
sector of the flower of the field during this
tomorrow with this body report with
you pablo to the studies of speak
how digital television speaks